Rename `width` and `height` to `w` and `h` (#724)
primer/view_components: CHANGELOG.md

## main

### Breaking changes

> * Rename `width` and `height` System Arguments to `w` and `h` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rename `width` and `height` System Arguments to `w` and `h`, resolving conflict with HTML attribute names.
```
